[RHACS] Updated vulnerability management topic (#41193)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/vulnerability-management-upgrade-component.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operating/manage-vulnerabilities.adoc
:_module-type: PROCEDURE
[id="vulnerability-management-upgrade-component{context}"]

> = Finsing a new component version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Finding a new component version
```

> To find a new component version to upgrade to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
The following procedure finds a new component version to upgrade to.
```
